First content for science page (#5)
digital-earths-global-hackathon/hk25: content/homepage/opener.md

---
title: "Science, Tutorials and Tech"
weight: 1
---

> These pages describe the scientic and technical topics, as well as tutorials that will form the basis for activities during the Hackathon. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These pages describes the scientific and technical topics, as well as tutorials that will form the basis for activities during the Hackathon. 
```
